# online-store-analytics

`orders.csv` has the following columns:

- order_id: unique identifier for each order
- customer_id: unique identifier for each customer
- order_date: date when the order was placed
- product_id: unique identifier for each product
- product_name: name of the product
- product_price: price of the product
- quantity: quantity of the product ordered

Python program that reads the data from the CSV file and performs
the following tasks:

- Compute the total revenue generated by the online store for each month in the
  dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each product in the dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each customer in the dataset.
- Identify the top 10 customers by revenue generated.

Note: The services are written with the assumption that the data has already gone through the process
of data cleaning that involves identifying and handling errors, inconsistencies, and missing values in a dataset to ensure that the data is accurate, reliable, and ready for analysis.

## Deployment:
I have included an orders.csv file for testing you can replace this file with your own data and than deploy the service using below commands. You will be seeing the results in the console log when you are deploying the service. 
TODO: store results in output files.

You can also use "generate_dummy_data.py" to generate dummy "orders.csv" file:

```
python3 generate_dummy_data.py
```

Commands to build and run analytics-app service:

```
docker build -f Dockerfile -t analytics-app .
docker run -it analytics-app
```

Commands to build and run analytics-app-test service:

```
docker build -f Dockerfile-test -t analytics-app-test .
docker run -it analytics-app-test
```
